to respond to evaluative activities
click on the link and then the button
try to answer questionnaire now it
will ask for a confirmation
start the attempt
you read carefully the questions
alternatives are pointing out here
purpose
mark which is when it reaches the
end of question 5 click on next
appeared the other questions
reading responding to the end of the tenth
question I click on next will appear a
summary with questions and answers
saved if any response appears that
not saved you can resume the
try if everything is correct here
you click send and end
again he asks for confirmation and you
click send and finish you will have
assessment of their attempt to
attempt 11 finalized in case the note
my note that was zero you know
that you should have a hair
seven good ones and so you can
perform this evaluative activity
if your note is less than
seven points should be studying again
materials and return to do
retry after you finish
successfully this evaluation is only you
wait for the next unit to open